Issue and PR templates (#2842)
firedrakeproject/firedrake: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/zenodo_release.md

---
name: "\U0001F1FF Zenodo release"
description: Request a Zenodo release
title: 'Zenodo release: '
labels: [Zenodo release]
assignees: ''

---

Can you please create a Zenodo release for my upcoming publication:

> ### On analytic and algebraic topology of locally Euclidean parameterization of infinitely differentiable Riemannian manifold

Reviewer: Should probably be a generic paper title like "My paper title" rather than a specific one.

> ### On analytic and algebraic topology of locally Euclidean parameterization of infinitely differentiable Riemannian manifold

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### My Paper Title
```

Author: Do you get the reference?

Reviewer 3: Yes, but I don't think it's that helpful

Attach the `firedrake.json` created by running

> `firedrake-zenodo -t "My paper title"` or
> `firedrake-zenodo -t "My paper title" --info-file README.txt`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`firedrake-zenodo -t "My Paper Title"` or similar.
For full documentation see [Firedrake's documentation on creating Zenodo releases](https://www.firedrakeproject.org/zenodo.html).
```

> "My paper title" --info-file README.txt`.

Reviewer: I don't understand what you mean here.
